Teams documentation (#1169)
kubecost/docs: using-kubecost/navigating-the-kubecost-ui/legacy-teams.md

# Legacy Teams

{% hint style="info" %}

> As of v1.6, legacy Teams and this document have been replaced with an [enhanced version of Teams](teams.md) with different configuration and additional capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v2.6, legacy Teams and this document have been replaced with an [enhanced version of Teams](teams.md) with different configuration and additional capabilities.
```

> As of v2.6, legacy Teams and this document have been replaced with an [enhanced version of Teams](teams.md) with different configuration and additional capabilities. Please only reference this document if you are using Teams before version v2.6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of 2.6, legacy Teams and this document have been replaced with an [enhanced version of Teams](teams.md) with a different configuration and additional capabilities. Please only reference this document if you are using Teams before version 2.6.
```
